2012 March 11
=============

Present:
 * Tridge
 * Steven
 * Jack
 * Darrell
 * Chris
 * Matt
 * Jono

Telemaster purchase
--------------------

 * 15cc petrol engine
 * Has rev counter - wonder what
 * $300 with digital servos
 * strut attachment is improved from last one
 * intention - workhorse,
 * non SGMA issues: 
   * >5KG with all the kit; non SGMA rules
   * 15cc > nitro 61 equivelent; non SGMA rules
 * seems like an OBC candidate, maybe at 300m altitude? Different strategies.

DIYDrones order
---------------

 * had planned to order some px4s, but maybe we don't need to.
 * anticipate some more UBECs - Tridge has 2 on hand.
 * might get them locally from EBay.
 * Need some pre-crimped DF13 cables

Documentation Stuff
-------------------

 * review? structure OK
 * decided to persevere for a few weeks then decide if we want to persist (or not)

SES meeting
------------

 * twofold purpose:
   * requirements discovery (from our side) - how do they think it would work
   * for them to discover what's possible now
 * Tridge to bring some planes, Jack to bring the muggin. Maybe leave the wings in the car.
 * Matt, Tridge, Jack and Chris plan to attend

Thermal Camera
--------------
 * new low cost thermal camera available in May
 * designed for medical imageing, possible SAR application
 * low resolution 160*100
 * @$300, approximately 10% the cost of base model FLIR camera
 * $150 pre-purchase through colaborative manufacturing venture
 * approved expenditure: $150 for pre-purchase 

DGPS
----
 * meetings last Thursday
 * software is progressing since then
 * roof box under construction
 * approve (restospective) refund to Tridge for GPS hardware, approximately $180
 * approve expenditure of approximately $50 for roof box

Schools program
---------------
 * Jack still did the training.

Quadcopter workshop
-------------------
 * still progressing, report more next week.

Code Beach
----------
 * invitation
 * http://mabula.net/codebeach2013.html

