2013 May 13 
===========

present:

 * Chris
 * Jack
 * Matt
 * Tridge
 * mfj ? 



Report on in-progress items
---------------------------


CMAC-weather-station
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * modem issues resolved: TPG had put a block on the 3G modem, which applied to the replacement SIM :) When they removed the block on the account, the Modem was working.
 * will install without a camera in the first instance
 * possibly will install the old web cam

bixler_workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Alex has the documentation
 * CG to follow up with Alex?
 * Jack to email Chris what he sent Alex
 * some discussion about APM vs Px4 (with / without PX4IO)
 * probably support any choice (bring what you have) or recommend PX4
 * noted current sensor hack required (capacitor required for smoothing)
 * No Airspeed sensor at the moment
 * discussion about airspeed sensors in general - impeller design?
 
mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * No news.


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * No news.


schools-program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Holidays, rain,... no action.


DGPS
^^^^

 * QueenBee build with NEO6T - for future DGPS testing
 * Nothing to report on software side

OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * Noted questions from other teams over the last week, policy of redirecting them to the mailing list to stop us from answering same question over and over.
 * discussed improving documentation for our components, possibly blog articles - encouraging people to innovate.
 * don't want to offend organisers by creating an unofficial forum
 * do want a forum though... Possibly Steve could contact the organisers?

Other business
--------------

 * nice test flights in the Boomerang 60 / Px4
 * next steps, install camera rig etc (as per OBC2012)
 * then it will serve as current test platform
 * ArduPlane 2.7.3 released today
 * Some discussion about EagleTree i2c sensor / new Nuttx driver, 
 * Tridge away this weekend, we should aim to get some flying done during the week if possible.
