2013 August 05
==============

present:

 * Andrew Tridgell
 * Darrell Burkey
 * Jack Pittar
 * Matt Ridley
 * Stephen Dade
 * Grant Morphett
 * Fergus McCracken
 * Jonathon Parrott
 * Andrew Moss


Report on in-progress items
---------------------------

OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * D1 finalised and super minor tweaking occurred.  Called complete in meeting and will be sent off by Stephen later this evening.
 * UC team D1 has been completed.  Jack, Andrew and Stephen assisted with the D1.
 * ADFA appear to also be on track to complete D1.
 * Andrew had Priceton University chat - flying a Huggin (small version of Muggin) based on what they read from Canberra and Dickson UAV.
 * Next testing morning at property Sunday 18 August.  Jack to contact property owner and arrange.
 * Point Grey camera still going to be used as there isn't a better alternative.
 * Grab mono camera back off Michael so Dickson collage can borrow it potentially


Quadcopter workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Second workshop last Wednesday went well
 * Performed flashing of all transmitters and ESC and setting up simulators on peoples laptop.
 * Still waiting PX4s to be delivered.  Hopefully this week.


Bixler workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Eyal doing bulk purchase - a big part has been made this week
 * Jack purchased some more stuff today


ANU visit
^^^^^^^^^

 * ANU is doing APM and PX4 development.  They have a Quadcopter arena, and working on differential GPS.  Visit planned to see cool toys.  Arrangements still being made.


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


schools-program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


OBCHints
^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


DGPS
^^^^

 * no action noted


Other business
--------------

Questacon
^^^^^^^^^ 

 * This Friday 9th August Adult information night starting at 6pm.  CanberraUAV has a "booth" alongside MHV.  Turn up between 5-6pm for setup.  Tridge, Stephen, Andrew, Jack, Darrell attending.


CASA
^^^^

 * Guy from CASA is coming into Dickson College at 11am on Friday.  Stephen and Jack will also try to attend.
 * Tridge looking into getting a UAV Operator certificate under CASA.  Thinks it is achievable.  First step is to pass Private Pilot License theory test.


