2013 July 01
===========


Present:

 * Stephen Dade
 * Andrew Tridgell
 * Jack Pittar
 * Chris Gough
 * Matt Ridley
 * Darrell Burkey
 * Alex Mason
 
 
Report on in-progress items
---------------------------

New testing ground (Geoff's place)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Excellent site for long range testing, regular use acceptable, access to a workshop and cake is provided.

 * Did a successful test flight yesterday with the full system
 * GPS issues, compass turned off (magnetic interference) in the new plane
 * camera calibration problems (roll). We need a good procedure.
 * image quality OK with the ODroid rig
 * ODroid had no issues with CV code

Search area flown on the weekend was 850m * 240m (visual range because relatively immature plane), larger area possible within property boundary.

Suggest flying there about once per month.

Issues that require fixing:

 * fix roll calibration
 * work on compass issues
 * time synchronisation between GCS and ODroid - NTP mis-configuration (changed IP address)
 * cuav module should WARN if plane/GCS computers are out of sync

In one month, fly again
 * Calibrated ETS airspeed sensor (possibly with self-calibrating airspeed sensor with 3 dimensional Kalman filter)
 * Calibrated roll gimbal
 * Automated Landing
 * Fixed GPS and Magnatometer issues
 * better Joe finding - hit (green + orange) and missed the blue one more than we would have liked.
 * Better Geo referencing

PT Grey
^^^^^^^

 * request for sponsorship was declined
 * want access to their better cameras ($2K - $3K each)


Satelite Backup
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Options:

 * None
 * SPOT beacon
 * Data link

Data link seems hopelessly expensive.

SPOT service is affordable and potentially useful.

Discussion about how amazing satellite technology is, path loss etc.

Homework: Research the costs and features of different beacons (e.g. SPOT) for next week's meeting

Some mention of using HF/LF data links. These would very long range. Would expect around a 19200 baud data rate. No idea in regards to costs or potential interference from the transmitting antenna.


workshops
^^^^^^^^^

 * quadcopter workshop is filling up
 * cut off date on Thursday


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


schools-program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * University of Canberra has a team entered. It is headed by an ex-Dickson College student.
 * See Geoff's place - next flight in 4 weeks will be at "OBC2012 level", minus bottle drop and endurance.
 * Grant Morphett has been doing some research into Bottle Drop mechanism.


Other business
--------------

 * discussion about various airspeed sensors
 * Tridge authorised to buy 3 * ETS Airspeed sensor units. They are around $33 each.
 * The RSISE department at the ANU is doing some interesting work with the APM and quadcopters. They are quite interested in our work too. It would be a good idea to meet up with them - possibly the Tuesday after next (16th July).

