2013 August 26
==============

present:

 * Chris Gough
 * Darrell Burkey
 * Grant Morphett
 * Jack Pittar
 * Paul Warren
 * Stephen Dade
 * Andrew Tridgell


Report on in-progress items
---------------------------

OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * Rural location testing of air speed sensor was conducted over the weekend.
 * air speed sensor seems to have a lot of drift EagleTree I2C Air Speed Sensor
 * We have 3 different air speed sensors.  Analogue ones have bad drift and cause trouble on PX4 due to voltage rail issues
 * Wanted to move to digital airspeed sensor
 * Monday (today) - another flight with another air speed sensor in the AcroWot - Measurement Specialities - first flight test ever.  Airspeed readings seemed a little high.
 * Need to log raw differential pressure so we can measure what the sensor is up to from the algorithm
 * Need to try a few ideas to see if the air pressure sensors can be improved


Insurance Update
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Talking to Catlin insurance.  Offer insurance for UAV operations.  Only insure people with CASA license which is a problem.  Stephen is still chasing them to see if that can be varied in our favour.  Stephen has confirmed with them they aren't interested unless you have a CASA license. 


Quadcopter workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * On hold at the moment - awaiting PX4s from 3DR.


Bixler workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * On hold at the moment - awaiting PX4s from 3DR.


ANU visit
^^^^^^^^^

 * ANU is doing APM and PX4 development - RSISE.  They have a Quadcopter arena, and working on differential GPS.  Visit planned to see cool toys.  Arrangements still being made.  Ongoing as host has been very ill.


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Seem to be running behind.  Not sure its going to turn up.


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * in progress


schools-program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Two pilots got bronze wings weekend before last
 * Starting to fly the Huggin


OBCHints
^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


DGPS
^^^^

 * no action noted


Other business
--------------

