2013 July 22
============

present:

 * Andrew Tridgell
 * Darrell Burkey
 * Jack Pittar
 * Stephen Dade
 * Chris Gough
 * Fergus McCracken


Report on in-progress items
---------------------------

OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * Steve will write up a draft D1 and distribute it to the team by the end of the week. Comments and feedback welcome.
 * The plan from here will be to meet at Tridge's place on the 1st August and go through the draft.
 * It will be submitted to the OBC committee on the following Monday (5th).
 * Possible meeting with the UC and AFDA teams to give advice on their D1's.


Quadcopter workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * First session this Wednesday. Spectators welcome.


Bixler workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * 9 people signed up.
 * Eyal and Jack pal to do a group purchase of the parts in the next week or two.


ANU visit
^^^^^^^^^

 * Possibly on the 30th July. Tridge will investigate confirmation of times and dates.


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


schools-program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


OBCHints
^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


DGPS
^^^^

 * no action noted


Other business
--------------

QZNSS
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * New SBAS system intended for Japan. Due to the geometry of the satellite's orbit it can also be used in Australia.
 * 29.5cm RMS error in positioning. 0.5 m/s RMS error in velocity.
 * Uses the L1-SAIF (1572.74 MHz) and LEX (1278.75 MHz) bands.
 * L1 SAIF is a 250bps signal.
 * LEX is a 2000bps signal on a BPSK(5) Kasami sequence carrier. 42 MHz bandwidth and -155.7 dBW min power receive power.
 * The LEX signal sends corrections to RTKLib.
 * Possibility to use SDR (and GnuRadio) to pick up the signals.
 * 90% signal availability in Australia. 0.5m accuracy over Australia.
 * GNSS-SDR is a dedicated SDR for GPS-type systems.

