2013 November 04 
================

present:

 * Andrew Moss 
 * Chris Gough
 * Darrell Burkey
 * Grant Morphett
 * Jonathan Parrott
 * Jack Pittar
 * Matthew Ridley
 * James Patterson
 * Paul Warren
 * Stephen Dade
 * Andrew Tridgell
 

Report on in-progress items
---------------------------

OBC2014
^^^^^^^
 
 * Lots of testing with the sonar last week
 * Paul R. has a new algorithm. 
 * Sonar noise at high altitude - e.g. 50m occasionally get ground readings.
 * Third flight was plain auto flight.  Flying in auto - when entered auto heading North, plane started descending and wobbling - heading for ground.  Took manual control and was fine.  Put it back to auto again and flew fine.  Had 50Hz logging on PX4 - complete data on issue. It shows DCM lost attitude.  50degree pitch error found.  Starting to descend whilst turning looses pitch.  Found bug and hope its fixed.  See fix logs for full details.
 * Rural location testing.  Possible 24 November.  Alternate testing from Red Hill.
 * Beaver has quite a bit of work in repairs.  Hopefully ready this week.
 * Vacuum bagging.  Chris is progressing this.  A few test runs to date.


Piksi GPS
^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Arboretum
^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Quadcopter workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Still awaiting parts


Bixler workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Still awaiting parts


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


schools-program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Antenna Tracker
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 

 * no action noted
 

Other business
--------------


AGM
^^^

 * Next week.
 * Go through all the usual AGM stuff.

 
Tail Mounted Camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 

 * Perhaps try them out this weekend.
 
