2013 October 15 
=================

present:

 * Chris Gough
 * Darrell Burkey
 * Fergus McCracken 
 * Grant Morphett
 * Matthew Ridley
 * James Pattison
 * Paul Warren
 * Andrew Tridgell
 * Stephen Dade
 * Jack Pittar
 * Andrew Moss


Report on in-progress items
---------------------------

OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * The Beaver has been upgraded with a more rugged undercarriage.
 * This Sunday will be flying at Geoff's place.
 * Objectives will be
    * Testing that the Beaver can cope with the rough runway at Geoff's place
    * Wing/Tail mounted camera testing
    * (If fitted) imaging system capture and detection testing
    * (If done in time) Running through check-lists and procedure documents


 
Piksi GPS
^^^^^^^^^

 * Developers should be starting to manufacture the hardware in the next couple of weeks.
 * It is likely that we'll get our modules before Christmas.
 * No update of the software (RTK in particular) side of things.


Arboretum
^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Quadcopter workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Bixler workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


ANU visit
^^^^^^^^^

 * Tridge and Stephen will be visiting the ANU on 3pm Wednesday.


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


schools-program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Back in Canberra
 * Given the last-minute issues with the Huggin airframe, they did quite well!
 * Successful flight, but they weren't able to decipher the text on the ground.


OBCHints
^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Other business
--------------


AGM
^^^^^^^^

 * As per the Model Association Rules, we are required to have our AGM in the next Month or so.
 * Will be held on Mumble.
 * Possible dates 4th or 11th November. Need to give 21 days notice, which will be done via the private mailing list.
 * Stephen had some possible ideas for changes to the constitution regarding clarifying our not-for-profit status and membership management.
 * At the minimum we need to have elections for position holders and a statement of accounts.
 * Our accounts need to audited too.
 
 
Antenna Tracker
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 

 * Matt has most of the hardware sorted out and working.
 * Tridge has put an antenna tracking module into the APM source code which will control the servos on the tracker.
 * Should be able to test it using SITL mode on the APM.
 
 
Tail Mounted Camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 

 * Primary objective will be to debug the bottle drop mechanism
 * Agreed to buy a cheap ($40) self-contained unit from Hobbyking.
 
 
MAVProxy/GCS Workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 

 * Will hold a how-to-use MAVProxy workshop on 27th October in the afternoon.
 * Chris and Stephen will work on the documentation.
 
 
