2013 September 09
=================

present:

 * Chris Gough
 * Darrell Burkey
 * Fergus McCracken
 * Grant Morphett
 * Jack Pittar
 * Jonathan Parrot
 * James 
 * Paul Warren
 * Sean Morrison
 * Stephen Dade
 * Andrew Tridgell


Report on in-progress items
---------------------------

OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * New plane Trainer 50 - http://www.amr-rc.com/index.php?path=content&SC=produits&SUBSC=aircraft&page=kits_info&produit_id=238&marque_menu=&langue=en
 * Agreement at the meeting to purchase the Trainer 50.
 * Oil from engine exhaust getting on flight surfaces - could get in airspeed tubes or worse on the camera lens.  A problem that needs to be solved.
 * Next training at Geoff's place after Jack returns from Brisbane early October.  Maybe 20th. 
 * Do CMAC Red Hill testing on 13 October.
 * Hopefully try bottle test this Sunday morning.

 
Piksi GPS
^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Arboretum
^^^^^^^^^

 * Cristopher Brak is talking regularly with Chris G.  Might have a flight of Cropcam based on Micropilot that Cristopher has.


Quadcopter workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * On hold at the moment - awaiting PX4s from 3DR.
 * Going to call Bask Aerospace to chase.


Bixler workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * On hold at the moment - awaiting PX4s from 3DR.
 * 4 turned up to session during the workshop
 * There is another informal workshop on Tuesday night.


ANU visit
^^^^^^^^^

 * ANU is doing APM and PX4 development - RSISE.  They have a Quadcopter arena, and working on differential GPS.  Visit planned to see cool toys.  Arrangements still being made.  Try contacting next week or week after.


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Update - they moved office - no update otherwise.


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


schools-program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Dickson college - has the challenge in 2 weeks time.
 * Still trying to integrate canon into airframe - firings later this week
 * Got a bullet going (borrowed a Canberra UAV one)
 * Planning on using the bullet for the video downlink
 * Using relay on PX4 talking to Arduino.  They have tested the firing by walking around and crossing a waypoint and having it fire.


OBCHints
^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


DGPS
^^^^

 * no action noted


Other business
--------------

Ground Station Development
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Multiple laptops
 * Couple of people looking at in-flight data
 * Proper ground station will be run at next test flight at Geoff's place
 * Fly in Cruise mode - its like enhanced fly by wire A.  Cruise mode has automatic heading hold and airspeed and altitude hold if you take hands off stick.  Same as if you are flying full auto.  Waypoint is 1km ahead of plane always - it keeps moving forward.  As soon as you touch controls it unlocks the steering and goes into fly by wire A mode again.
 * Take off in fly by wire - switch into cruise and fly with just aileron.  Have a ground station set-up at CMAC or Red Hill for testing.  Jack would need to fly the search pattern by flying left right left right etc
 * Can even do ground station testing by having the flight simulator running at CMAC and radios pointed at Red Hill so the ground station could try and fly the simulator.


Build Session at MHV
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Build sessions at Sunday or Tuesday night.  Helping build up the models.


