2013 October 21 
===============

present:

 * Chris Gough
 * Darrell Burkey
 * Fergus McCracken 
 * Grant Morphett
 * Jack Pittar
 * Matthew Ridley
 * James Pattison
 * Paul Warren
 * Stephen Dade
 * Andrew Tridgell
 

Report on in-progress items
---------------------------

OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * The Beaver has been upgraded with a more rugged undercarriage.
 * Sunday flying at Geoff's place.
 
   * 2 out of 3 bottle drops were successful
   * Runway at Geoff's is probably too rugged for Beaver.
   * Tuned Beaver well in the air
   * 3 Days to repair Beaver after flip on landing
   * Perhaps investigate some rudder control
   * Going to get new big wheels for the plane
   * Great oil result - no oil appeared anywhere near the camera area which is fantastic
   * New bottle drop mechanism and new bottle testing - Grant needs to sort it out.


Piksi GPS
^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Arboretum
^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Quadcopter workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Bixler workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


ANU visit
^^^^^^^^^

 * Tridge and Stephen visited the ANU on 3pm Wednesday.
 * Dr Rob Mahonie at RSIC.  Around 12 students.
 * Rob one of the original authors of DCM - direct cosine matrix.
 * A couple ideas for collaboration.
 * Enquires regarding ESC data feedback and interesting discussion.
 * A one man team for UAV Challenge was there.


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


schools-program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


OBCHints
^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Other business
--------------


AGM
^^^^^^^^

 * As per the Model Association Rules, we are required to have our AGM in the next Month or so.
 * Will be held on Mumble.
 * Set for 11th November. 
 * Stephen had some possible ideas for changes to the constitution regarding clarifying our not-for-profit status and membership management.
 * At the minimum we need to have elections for position holders and a statement of accounts.
 * Our accounts need to audited too.
 
 
Antenna Tracker
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 

 * no action noted
 
 
Tail Mounted Camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 

 * Cameras didn't arrive until today so no testing yet
 
 
MAVProxy/GCS Workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 

 * Will hold a how-to-use MAVProxy workshop on 27th October in the afternoon.
 * Chris and Stephen will work on the documentation.
 
 
