2013 November 18 
================

present:

 * Darrell Burkey
 * Grant Morphett
 * Greg Oakes
 * Jack Pittar
 * James Patterson
 * Paul Warren
 * Stephen Dade
 

Report on in-progress items
---------------------------


OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * Long range test weekend Sunday 23 weather dependant.

	* 10am everyone at CMAC
	* Some then depart for Redhill - ground station team
	* Possibly start flight at 11:30am - need to wait until most of CMAC Flyers have finished

 * Website and mailing list transfer to Tridge's servers.  Still outstanding.


Piksi GPS
^^^^^^^^^

 * Backed Kickstarter project.  We have purchased 2.
 * Email received last week.  They have received Hardware boards.  They are flashing them now.
 * They are awaiting radios from 3DRobotics


Arboretum
^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Quadcopter workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Still awaiting parts


Bixler workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * All parts have arrived.
 * Workshop this Wednesday night and the following Wednesday


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Schools Program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Antenna Tracker
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 

 * Matt working on it
 

Other business
--------------


Gungahlin Collage
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Showing them the flying
 * Copter crashed.  The vibration had loosened a motor connector and the motor let go.
 * They are interested in getting training
 * Aerodynamics appears to be the main interest 


Telstra SIM Cards
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Separate data link used for video streaming
 * Could also be used as a back telemetry link in case we lots the 5.8GHz or the 915MHz
 * Need a static IP on one of the wireless modes
 * Stephen will follow up


