2013 June 17
===========

Present:

 * Stephen Dade
 * Andrew Tridgell
 * Jack Pittar
 * Jonathon Parrott
 * Matt Ridley
 * Grant Morphett
 * Chris Gough
 * Michael Fagan


Report on in-progress items
---------------------------


Finance Policy
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

  * Everybody happy with the policy.
  * Tridge clarification on Finance Procedures.  If somebody doesn't get pre-approval and then afterwards the approval is granted they can seek reimbursement.  Stephen will clarify in the policy.
  * Tridge and Jack's expenses reviewed and approved by the group
  * Matt to produce assets register - names/initials to be assigned to each item


Techpod Status and Plans
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Techpod ordered - should arrive any minute now
 * Tridge to confirm its capabilities at CMAC including trying different props


CMAC-weather-station
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


bixler_workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * After the Kosciusko Trip need to work up a document to articulate what Canberra UAV can provide in the SAR space.


schools-program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Few students flying at CMAC on Tuesday morning.  Two developing as promising pilots.


OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * Two teams is looking unlikely
 * Focus is on resilient, simple & reliable.  OBC should be routine S&R process.  Integrated software.  Aircraft easy to launch and fly.
 * Palatus Porter air frame - Mr Miller flying it a CMAC.  VQ ARF.  Electric Model version was at CMAC.  Large fuselage capacity.
 * Tempus air frame - http://uasusa.com/Tempest.html - Tridge chasing price
 

Other business
--------------


UAV Insurance
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * http://aaus.org.au/ - Tridge joined as an individual member to be informed and see what they offer
 * http://www.catlin.com/en/AsiaPacific/Australia/News-and-views-Australia/Australia-newsletter/March-2013/Unmanned-ariel-vehicle-insurance - Tridge will contact and see what they offer


Foam Hunting
^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Chris going to buy a few blocks and see what's what.


Kingaroy Images
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Releasing images from Kingaroy.  Requesting new HDD from CSIRO.  If that doesn't happen soon then perhaps purchase drop box account.


Website and Mailing List
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * When it was moved IP address changed but didn't know and subsequent issues.  Tridge has resolved it.
 * Might move master DNS and Drupal to Tridge's server at his house - more control.

