.. _20120525-meeting:

2012 March 25
=============

Report on in-progress items
---------------------------

:ref:`dgps`
^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * install roof box tomorrow
 * no progress on the software this week

:ref:`sar-scenarios`
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * meeting tomorrow 6 -> 7 @ Belconnen
 * Tridge / Chris to attend, open invitation to anyone else
 * Tony O'Leary (trainer), elaborate scenarios
 * next step: SES integration

CSIRO
^^^^^

 * CSIRO Gungalin Research Station
 * 2 adjacent fields, 2km * 1km (split by a road)
 * seeking permission to fly there

:ref:`mhv-quadcopter-workshop`
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * workshop was finished over the weekend, flying over Saturday and Sunday
 * lots of work, lots of Fun.
 * estimated 25% crash rate, simulator helps
 * Many broken arms on the frames
 * write-up in progress
 * students should always fly with telemetry enabled
 
flyaway analysis from Sunday

 * Tridge working with Randy on patches
 * Testing RTL mode. Hover @ ~5m, switch to RTL and it started climbing
 * unable to regain control, climbed out of sight!
 * it took a few hours to find it, only a few hundred meters away
 * remarkably undamaged
 * no telemetry, missing data set (but did manage to extract some logs from the data flash)

Why did it happen?

 * has been reproduced in SITL
 * vibration aliased down to low frequencies, false altitude dropping
 * root cause: fix vibration problems
 * fix, as barometric and inertial altitude diverge, start weighting the altitude more heavily

Solutions?

 * WorkArround 1: setting filter frequency to 20 Hz (down from 42 Hz)
 * WorkArround 2: lower the time constant INAV_TC_Z in the config (5 or 6 instead of 7)
 * Insurance: fix geofence: on geofence breach, weight up barometer term
 * bench test Vibration with MP, dampening etc.
 * warnings?

Mitigation

 * review safety briefing/planning
 * indoor (hire a Gymnasium) for first flights (at least until we are sure each copter is flying well)
 * tethered flights? might work, need to try it
 * more remote site for first outdoor flights (e.g. out of range of civilisation in worst-case scenario)
 * smaller copters (e.g. crazy-flight nano)

:ref:`mu-thermal-camera`
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Nothing to report

:ref:`schools-program`
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Nothing to report

Other Business
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * fighting walrus: group of people developing a 3DR radio for connecting to ipad / android
 * getting it to talk to the AR.drone, H264 encoder onboard
 * See Gerard Toonstra's recent work: http://fpvlab.com/forums/showthread.php?4869-The-complexities-of-streaming-HD-video-downlinks
