2013 September 16 
=================

present:

 * Chris Gough
 * Darrell Burkey
 * Grant Morphett
 * Jack Pittar
 * Jonathan Parrot
 * Matthew Ridley
 * James Patterson
 * Paul Warren
 * Sean Morrison
 * Stephen Dade
 * Andrew Tridgell


Report on in-progress items
---------------------------

OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * New plane Trainer 50 - http://www.amr-rc.com/index.php?path=content&SC=produits&SUBSC=aircraft&page=kits_info&produit_id=238&marque_menu=&langue=en
 * Discussion during the week - did we still want to purchase the Trainer 50?
 * Need a plane to test automatic take off and landing suitable for rural location i.e. can handle the rough strip.  Also if we crash it how long to get a replacement in the air.
 * Perhaps use the Beaver?  Put smaller engine in it and smaller prop?
 * Still concern Oil from engine exhaust getting on flight surfaces - could get in airspeed tubes or worse on the camera lens.  A problem that needs to be solved!
 * So test with the Beaver to see how the oil issue goes and if its fine then Trainer 50 can be purchased.
 * Next training at Geoff's place after Jack returns from Brisbane early October.  Maybe 20th. 
 * Do CMAC Red Hill testing on 13 October.
 * Bottle drop is progressing - Grant keen to drop the bottle ASAP.
 * First Sunday afternoon hacking session.  Seemed to go ok.  Will continue to do it moving forward.
 * We have a logo on github now instead of the default picture

 
Piksi GPS
^^^^^^^^^

 * They have setup web store so you can order production version once they start pumping them out.


Arboretum
^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Quadcopter workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * On hold at the moment - awaiting PX4s from 3DR still!!!  Apparently they arrived in Australia but Customs sent them back.  3DR are going to provide free upgrade to Pixhawk - https://store.3drobotics.com/products/3dr-pixhawk
 * On hold for 4-5 weeks now as Stephen is going overseas.


Bixler workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * On hold at the moment - awaiting PX4s from 3DR.
 * There is another informal workshop on Wednesday night.


ANU visit
^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Another update - working part of software taking raw thermal part and converting to video
 * Steffan Gofershay from Finland - working with UAVs in Finland.  Testing Thermal cameras.  Most clothing has a different degree of reflectivity in near infrared then most other substances.  With colour version of a camera the pattern of colour you get from manufactured clothing then surround terrain.  People wearing camo gear very low thermal signature but cheap knock off can be spotted easily on near infrared.


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


schools-program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Dickson college - has the challenge in 1 weeks time.
 * They totalled their Huggin last week and Jack has been flat out building the new one.
 * Jack has delivered the new one to Dickson collage and they need to fit their launching system. 
 * ADFA team being sponsored by Uni of NSW.  A few questions about antennas for us.


OBCHints
^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Other business
--------------

