2013 July 29
============

present:

 * Andrew Tridgell
 * Darrell Burkey
 * Jack Pittar
 * Stephen Dade
 * Grant Morphett
 * Fergus McCracken


Report on in-progress items
---------------------------

OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * Draft prepared by Stephen last week and published
 * Do we advertise we may provide a live FPV feed or not?  Still not certain if its going to be technical possible due to bandwidth.  Decided we don't really provide FPV - more 2-3 FPS which isn't an FPV.  Statement will be "Spare radio link bandwidth may be used to provide live image feed from aircraft to ground station.  This is subject to available bandwidth on the radio link."
 * Want to do a radio test from Red Hill to CMAC whilst aircraft is on autopilot

 * Meeting to finalise D1 this Thursday


Quadcopter workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * First workshop went extremely well
 * This week's session flash firmware, setup simulators.
 * Awaiting PX4s to be delivered
 * Possibly won't bother flashing the 9XRs as the open source firmware on them is good enough.
 * This workshop running more smoothly then the last one.


Bixler workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Eyal doing bulk purchase
 * Some parts don't appear to be available
 * Changing to Orange transmitter and receiver modules as couldn't find PPM output on FrSky modules.
 * First workshop on 28th August.  2 workshops building and following Sunday will be flying


ANU visit
^^^^^^^^^

 * ANU is doing APM and PX4 development.  They have a Quadcopter arena, and working on differential GPS.  Visit planned to see cool toys.


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


schools-program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


OBCHints
^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


DGPS
^^^^

 * no action noted


Other business
--------------

Laser Range Finder
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Possibly to use in landing sequence to get height above ground?
 * Also to gain confidence in height above ground.
 * Accurate 1cm at 50m
 * Jack to review details and advise group.


Questacon
^^^^^^^^^ 

 * Friday 9th August Adult information night starting at 6pm.  CanberraUAV has a "booth" alongside MHV.


