2013 October 28 
===============

present:

 * Darrell Burkey
 * Grant Morphett
 * Jonathan Parrott
 * Jack Pittar
 * Matthew Ridley
 * James Patterson
 * Paul Warren
 * Stephen Dade
 * Andrew Tridgell
 

Report on in-progress items
---------------------------

OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * Beaver has quite a bit of work in repairs.  Probably ready weekend after next.
 * New release of APM is out 2.75 from Tridge.
 * Jack has a good idea for bottle release mechanism.
 * Support for automatic ground slope detection on landing.  Perhaps with a sonar.


Piksi GPS
^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Arboretum
^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Quadcopter workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Bixler workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


schools-program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Antenna Tracker
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 

 * no action noted
 

Other business
--------------

 
Tail Mounted Camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 

 * Perhaps try them out this weekend.
 
 
MAVProxy/GCS Workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 

 * Held a how-to-use MAVProxy workshop on 27th October in the afternoon.
 * Had roughly 8 students participating
 * Tridge laptop was running a simulator and everyone connected to that as MAVProxy slaves.
 * Determined MAVProxy won't run on Mac due to WxWidgets availability.
 * Going to write the Documentation up and then publish on GitHub.
 

Visitor Sponsor
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Do we want to sponsor overseas visitors like Chris Anderson, Randy McKay to attend the Outback Challenge.
 * Is it problematic having the visitors as a distraction?
 * Perhaps Gary Mortimer
 * Have a further think about it


Ballarat Training
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Mathew Herbert - Victorian UAS Training
 * Offering franchises possibly in the area of multi rotor courses


