2013 December 09 
================

present:

 * Darrell Burkey
 * Grant Morphett
 * Jack Pittar
 * Jonathon Parrott
 * Paul Warren
 * Stephen Dade
 * Andrew Tridgell


Report on in-progress items
---------------------------


OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * Bottle drop - Testing from the weekend was good.  One bottle was leaking however it had been subjected to a large number of bottle drops, and old so fatigue was the probable cause.
 * Beaver repair is under way.
 * Website - Stephen likes Wordpress - Tridge issues caution as the access control is problematic so everyone gets root access is easier.  Suggestion is to change over from Drupal to Wordpress.  Stephen to develop on his local machine and we will switch it over when its ready.


Piksi GPS
^^^^^^^^^

 * Supposed to arrive by Christmas - haven't heard anything.  Probably not by Christmas now.


Arboretum
^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Quadcopter workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Pixhawk shipping any minute now - seriously! 


Bixler workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Dissolved into occasional people coming along and working on stuff at MHV


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Cheap thermal camera from Kickstarter - MuThermal - haven't heard anything - http://www.muoptics.com/
 * Real Thermal camera - Chris Gough is sourcing camera from the Rhino people in Africa


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Schools Program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Going well - one student very keen and going well


Antenna Tracker
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 

 * no action noted
 

Other business
--------------


Telstra SIM Cards
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Awaiting John Telek
