2013 August 19
==============

present:

 * Andrew Moss
 * Alex Mason
 * Chris Gough
 * Darrell Burkey
 * Fergus McCracken
 * Grant Morphett
 * Jack Pittar
 * Jonathon Parrott
 * Matt Ridley
 * Paul Warren
 * Sean Morrison
 * Stephen Dade
 * Andrew Tridgell


Report on in-progress items
---------------------------

OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * Canberra UAV fleet of aircraft.  Boomerang and Telemaster were the front runners.
 * Leaning towards the Boomerang - easy to get parts for and under the 5kg limit.
 * MAAA limit for 5kg is a MAAA rule, not a CASA rule so MAAA could change it.  Query about increase has been promoted to national forum.
 * 16 October President of MAAA coming to Canberra.  Tridge going to visit and argue the case for greater then 5kg.
 * Boomerang to test most things then need a couple.  Then using Jack and Chris's build up plane to test more extensive flying at the remote location.


Techpod Testing
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * First take off a bit rough.  2nd and 3rd flights much better.
 * Massive overkill on the motor for the techpod. Looking into gearboxes as we can't find a motor that fits the needs.


Testing at Remote Location
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Head up this coming Sunday (25th August) to remote location.  Have the all clear.  
 * If Boomerang not completed Techpod will be used
 * Hope to test air speed control and running camera code on ODroid at full resolution
 * Need to run motor in so just running standard motor first
 * Might need a gopro for Sunday - Tridge already has one
 * 7:30-8 at Jack's place for 8am departure.
 * Might be able to test automatic take off and landing with AcroWot (http://www2.ripmax.net/Item.aspx?ItemID=A-CF006).  Preferably fit an airspeed sensor.  Tridge unwrapped a couple during the meeting so they will be available this weekend.


Insurance Update
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Talking to Catlin insurance.  Offer insurance for UAV operations.  Only insure people with CASA license which is a problem.  Stephen is still chasing them to see if that can be varied in our favour.


Quadcopter workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * On hold at the moment - awaiting PX4s from 3DR.


Bixler workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Going to assemble the air frame this week plus anything that doesn't require the PX4 depending on getting enough keen numbers.


ANU visit
^^^^^^^^^

 * ANU is doing APM and PX4 development - RSISE.  They have a Quadcopter arena, and working on differential GPS.  Visit planned to see cool toys.  Arrangements still being made.  Ongoing as host has been very ill.


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Seem to be running behind.  Not sure its going to turn up.


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Potential SES training exercise.
 * Alex Update - Possible to run a SAR exercise combining SES land search and UAV air search.
 * Would need to be within visual range at this stage.
 * Insurance can be a complication


schools-program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Update from Andrew.  

   * Dickson College doing High School Challenge.  Shooting Mars Bar out back of plane at the same speed the plane is flying - very low speed ;-)
   * University of Canberra - team is a bit short on numbers.  Uni is doing some good support to attract more numbers.  Planes are 3 Boomerangs, a Muggin 2.6 and an X8
   * ADFA - no update - all secret squirrel.


OBCHints
^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


DGPS
^^^^

 * no action noted


Other business
--------------

Piksi GPS Receivers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/swiftnav/piksi-the-rtk-gps-receiver
 * CanberraUAV has signed up for a pair - yay toys!


Work Experience/Internship
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * To determine how Canberra UAV et al can meet the University requirements for these roles.
 * Andrew will call Sean.


Chris's Van
^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Direction antenna trying to make it a reality
 * Campervan has now been stripped inside
 * Batteries and solar charger inside Van
 * Installing RDF900 and Bullet in the Van
 * Tridge to email group regarding tracking antenna


