2013 March 11
=============

Present:
 * Tridge
 * Steven
 * Jack
 * Darrell
 * Chris
 * Matt
 * Jono

Report on in-progress items
---------------------------


Bureaucracy
^^^^^^^^^^^

 * formerly known as "github documentation" stuff
 * includes "proposed process for documenting decisions an activity"
 * documents have been partially reviewed? structure seems OK.
 * decided to persevere with the process for a few weeks then decide if we want to persist (or not)

SES meeting
^^^^^^^^^^^

 * twofold purpose:

  * requirements discovery (from our side) - how do they think it would work
  * for them to discover what's possible now

 * Tridge to bring some planes, Jack to bring the muggin. Maybe leave the wings in the car.
 * Matt, Tridge, Jack and Chris plan to attend

DGPS
^^^^

 * meetings last Thursday
 * software is progressing since then
 * roof box under construction
 * approve (retrospective) refund to Tridge for GPS hardware, approximately $180
 * approve expenditure of approximately $50 for roof box

Schools program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Jack did some RC flight training this week.

Quadcopter workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * still progressing, report more next week.


Other business
--------------

Telemaster purchase
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * 15cc petrol engine
 * Has rev counter - wonder what
 * $300 with digital servos
 * strut attachment is improved from last one
 * intention - workhorse,
 * non SGMA issues: 

  * >5KG with all the kit; non SGMA rules
  * 15cc > nitro 61 equivalent; non SGMA rules

 * seems like an OBC candidate, maybe at 300m altitude? Different strategies.


DIYDrones order
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * had planned to order some PX4s, but maybe we don't need to.
 * anticipate some more UBECs - Tridge has 2 on hand.
 * might get them locally from EBay.
 * Need some pre-crimped DF13 cables


Thermal Camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * new low cost thermal camera available in May
 * http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/mu-thermal-camera-a-great-health-diagnostic-tool
 * :ref:`mu-thermal-camera`
 * designed for medical imaging, possible SAR application
 * low resolution 160*100
 * @$300, approximately 10% the cost of base model FLIR camera
 * $150 pre-purchase through collaborative manufacturing venture
 * approved expenditure: $150 for pre-purchase 


Code Beach
^^^^^^^^^^
 * invitation
 * http://mabula.net/codebeach2013.html

