2013 June 10
============

Present:

 * Stephen Dade
 * Andrew Tridgell
 * Jack Pittar
 * Jonathon Parrott
 * Matt Ridley



Report on in-progress items
---------------------------


CMAC-weather-station
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


bixler_workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Alex Mason has put up an "Expression of Interest" form on Google Docs (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Aj0y_M69lZzudC1feUpGNFRIeUllVGhJT1F6OTM1RkE&usp=sharing)
 * Full details are on the MHV/CanberraUAV mailing lists


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * The Mt Kosciusko Trip (see "Other Business") should be added in as a scenario.
 * Based on this experience we should be able to start generating formal procedures and documentation.
 


schools-program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


DGPS
^^^^

 * no action noted


OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * CanberraUAV have entered the OBC 2014!
 * ADFA will likely be putting in a team
 * UC might be putting in a team, if they can generate enough interest
 * Our goal is to treat this as "just another S&R". Integrate it with our normal S&R activities.
 * Thus the emphasis will be on ruggedness, flexibility and simplicity.


Other business
--------------


Mt Kosciusko Trip
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * On the 9th June several members went down to Mt Kosciusko to participate in a real life S&R scenario, in support of the missing bush walker Prabhdeep Srawn. Background information available at http://www.abc.net.au/news/2013-06-10/family-offers-24100k-reward-to-find-missing-snowy-mountains-bu/4744274
 * Due to the short lead time (24 hours notice) we were only able to use a Bixler fitted with the GoPro camera.
 * The difficult terrain and poor weather conditions made mission planning a challenge.
 * Because of this, the Bixler did not come back from the S&R mission and is assumed crashed on the side of a mountain.
 * It is too dangerous to attempt to find/rescue the Bixler.
 

Lessons Learned
 
 * The mission generation software needs to take into account the maximum climb rate and flight range of the UAV being flown.
 * A much larger airframe (like the Techpod) would be far more likely to have enough power and range for this sort of scenario.
 * The ground station needs better antenna stands - like a squid pole.
 * In mountainous regions line-of-sight radio communications cannot be guaranteed.
 * Proper boxes for our equipment would make transportation more efficient.
 * We need to be able to provide the S&R people with a list of our capabilities and requirements, to ensure that our presence would be useful.
 
 
Actions required

 * The Bixler needs to be replaced. Tridge will buy the replacement airframe, PX4, ESC, Battery, GPS and RC RX
 * Stephen will buy the replacement GoPro (Silver) and spare battery, micro SD cards and RFD900 radio
 * Stephen will look into the particularly and cost of using satellite modems for telemetry
 * Stephen will buy a squid pole (and base) for the ground station

 
Website and Mailing List
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Still having troubles with the mailing list(s) going offline sporadically
 * Alistair and Tridge attempted to buy upgraded memory for the Rackspace VM running the list(s), but encountered technical difficulties
 * Tridge is happy to run the list(s) on his home server
 * The CanberraUAV website will hopefully be updated/refreshed in the next couple of weeks, once Stephen figures out Drupal
 


Quadcopter Workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Will hopefully be run in late July
 * Big changes from the previous workshop will be the inclusions of the Turnigy 9XR transmitter and PX4 avionics
 * Proper vibration damping will be looked into (neoprene or moongel)


Money
^^^^^

 * The process and policy for getting for members getting refunded for CanberraUAV purchases is not clear or formalised.
 * Stephen will write up a policy and procedures for this in the near future, in consultation with the Treasurer and team members.
