2013 April 15
=============

present:
 * Tridge
 * Stephen
 * Jack
 * Darrel
 * Matt
 * Chris
 * Grant


Report on in-progress items
---------------------------

SAR Scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * TODO: organise meeting/workshop with Alex
 * TODO: follow up with ACT Emergency Service contact
 * encourage group to review/edit existing SAR scenarios

CSIRO colaboration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * nothing to report
 * last flight from Trevor was a couple of weeks ago
 * TODO: analyse some logs for Trevor
 * hope to fly at their site soon

Weather Station
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Weather data available:

 * data whitening was an issue
 * davis protocol reverse engineering complete
 * barometrer not available (might have been in the client)
 * storm-rain sensor not calibrated yet (two of three working)
 * might have weather station ready by the weekend
 * easter egg - sunlight sensor (not in davis software)

Still TODO:

 * waiting for SIM card from TPG
 * camera not fixed/replaced yet

OBC 2014
^^^^^^^^

 * Two team approach?
 * wait for the new rules to come out.
 * plan, organise a meeting @ MVH (etc).
 * risk - people don't feel like they have something to contribute
 * project management approach, better defined projects 


Mountain Bike Race in namadgi
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Darrel + Steve met with them on the weekend
 * Expansive comms network (wifi, backhaul)
 * If we can resolve the regulatory issues (CASSA), Insurance, and Landholder permission...
 * ...Then we can attempt to assist them, starting with trial runs on site.
 * e.g. quadcopter (darrel), fly their camera equipment + comms gear.
 * don't yet know the weight of the equipment, which airframe?
   * possibly X8 airfame might be apppropriate
   * bixler MTOW ~800g, to small 
   * discussion of other planes - FPVRaptor, Techpod, etc.

Other business
--------------

Offer of Airframe from Falcon-uav.org
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Tridge has been colaborating with falcon-uav (missed the fellow's name)
 * Large airframe under development (does not exist yet)
 * May materialise as a plane for us to use

Bixler
^^^^^^

 * Darrel will loan Tridge a Bixler airframe
 * ...to be trialed with new L1 algorithm, prior to launch
 * (and discover tuning parameters before launch)

DSMx/DSM2 receivers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * have some experiments
 * basically working but probably better to stay with PPM at this stage
 * is a single satelite reciever suitable quality vs FrSky?

New FrSky transmitter "Taranus"
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * open source, usb / memory
 * looks good, will get one to test
 * approved expenditure

DIYDrones X8 catapault review
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Jack reviewed the DIYDrones video
 * sceptical of ability to launch a loaded-up wing
 * KISS - try bungee + Ramp, bungee + trolly. 
