2013 November 18 
================

present:

 * Andrew Moss
 * Fergus McCracken
 * Grant Morphett
 * Greg Oakes
 * Jack Pittar
 * James Patterson
 * Paul Warren
 * Stephen Dade
 * Andrew Tridgell
 

Report on in-progress items
---------------------------


OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * Long range test done on Sunday - Beaver suffered heavy crash
 * Beaver not as bad as it seems.  Jack can repair it (amazing).
 * Network on ground station worked very well.
 * Bit of noise on 915MHz radio from the hill top.
 * Website and mailing list transfer to Tridge's servers.  Domain register transfer pending.  Should come through overnight.

 * Auto landing capability being worked on
 * Imaging software

	* On phone to Gene Robinson (book writer)
	* Tridge and Gene Skype called to share screen and go over data
	* Gene will gather more test data via reference test flights and Tridge will try to improve imaging based on this.
	* Plan to get it more widely used by other SAR groups
	* Chris and Tridge have done a large number of improvements over the past few weeks

 * Bottle drop mechanism - Grant to fit water bottle to existing prototype so it can be tested on Sunday from the Ugly Stick.

 * Lorenz Meier arriving.  Doing test flights Saturday and Sunday with him possibly flying a Pixhawk.  New ready to fly 3DR Plane possibly this weekend.  One currently called IRIS and this is a new fixed wing one.
 * Airspeed indicator didn't work on take-off.  Seems to be reading data from sensor during flight.  Pitot tube is bent - Tridge will order new ones. 


Piksi GPS
^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Arboretum
^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Quadcopter workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Still awaiting parts


Bixler workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * All parts have arrived.
 * Workshop this Wednesday night - turn up last week was very small.


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Schools Program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Antenna Tracker
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 

 * no action noted
 

Other business
--------------


Telstra SIM Cards
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted
