2013 September 02
=================

present:

 * Chris Gough
 * Darrell Burkey
 * Fergus McCracken
 * Grant Morphett
 * Jack Pittar
 * Jonathan Parrott
 * Paul Warren
 * Sean Morrison
 * Stephen Dade
 * Andrew Tridgell


Report on in-progress items
---------------------------

OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * We passed D1 - YAY
 * The TV Documentary was ok
 * Replacement Boomerang build coming along ok
 * Tridge flying Acrowot to continue testing
 * Got contact details of gyro-copter flyers out at Rural location so we can contact them before we go out to avoid any potential collisions
 * Laser APD with optics - with a 1Hz 30% target 200m range, 1Hz 90% target 400m range

 
Piksi GPS
^^^^^^^^^

 * Email from them states assembling 2nd week of September


Field Trip
^^^^^^^^^^

 * Chris G spoke with Tim Brown - Arboretum - Forestry department at ANU.  They want a fly over of a plot of trees.


Quadcopter workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * On hold at the moment - awaiting PX4s from 3DR.


Bixler workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * On hold at the moment - awaiting PX4s from 3DR.


ANU visit
^^^^^^^^^

 * ANU is doing APM and PX4 development - RSISE.  They have a Quadcopter arena, and working on differential GPS.  Visit planned to see cool toys.  Arrangements still being made.  Ongoing as host has been very ill.


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Seem to be running behind.  As of 2 weeks ago 20 days until firmware is done.


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Jono spoke with someone from SAR field stating their may be exceptions for people flying UAVs in "emergency" scenarios. 


schools-program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Dickson college - problems finding Huggin propellers, motors that match for enough power


OBCHints
^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


DGPS
^^^^

 * no action noted


Other business
--------------

