2013 August 05
==============

present:

 * Andrew Tridgell
 * Darrell Burkey
 * Jack Pittar
 * Stephen Dade
 * Grant Morphett
 * Paul Warren
 * Jonathon Parrott


Report on in-progress items
---------------------------

OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * Boomerang has crashed - Jacks personal plane - need a new plane - Jack to order - around $170.
 * Possible to use the Telemaster instead of a Boomerang - Tridge weights are:

   * bare fuselage: 1.58kg
   * each wing: 1.03kg
   * total bare weight: 3.64kg
   * spec flying weight: 4.76kg
   * available gear weight: 1.12kg

 * Testing over the coming weekend at the rural location postponed due to crash 
 * 25th August next tentative date - might fly both Techpod and Boomerang
 * D1 was submitted and confirmation that it had been submitted.
 * Due to large number of entries the go no-go will not be announced until the end of August.
 * UC team D1 was definitely submitted.
 * ADFA we think submitted their D1.


Quadcopter workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Possibly going ahead this week.  Missed delivery today and hope that is the order of flight electronics that can be picked up tomorrow.
 * People enquiring when the next workshop will be running.


Bixler workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Hopefully PX4's will turn up shortly.
 * Eyal has received Hobby King parts


ANU visit
^^^^^^^^^

 * ANU is doing APM and PX4 development.  They have a Quadcopter arena, and working on differential GPS.  Visit planned to see cool toys.  Arrangements still being made.  Ongoing.


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Seem to be running behind.  Not sure its going to turn up.


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


schools-program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


OBCHints
^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


DGPS
^^^^

 * no action noted


Other business
--------------

Piksi GPS Receivers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/swiftnav/piksi-the-rtk-gps-receiver
 * Buy one or two - need two for centimetre level precision as they use differential
 * Based on RTK (real time kinematic) instead of RTCM
 * RTK more accurate but more CPU intensive
 * $900 for a pair and need 2 in order for the differential GPS and the high accuracy
 * Cycle lock issue appears to be solvable
 * Code should be almost identical for any airframe just need it to "work faster" for faster moving aircraft
 * We use the GPS for both positioning and velocity.  We use it for centripetal direction and current GPS delivers cm/sec.  Piksi are only doing m/sec at the moment.  May need to have 2 GPS's in the final solution.
 * Stephen will purchase a pair through the Kickstarter


Questacon
^^^^^^^^^ 

 * Friday 9th August.  Had the simulator running and people could have a go with the Rascal aircraft.  Slideshow and business cards.


CASA
^^^^

 * Guy from CASA came into Dickson College at 11am on Friday.  Stephen and Jack attended.  Under 2kg no licensing required.  2-7kg need a small piece of licensing.  Above 7kg more complex license required.  No time frame for when this would be introduced.  Educated guess is possibly 2-3 years.


Purchases
^^^^^^^^^

 * South African group selling height measuring device probably isn't going to work


Thermaling Auto Gliding
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * http://diydrones.com/profile/JeanLouisNaudin

	 
