2013 June 24
============

Present:

 * Stephen Dade
 * Andrew Tridgell
 * Jack Pittar
 * Jonathon Parrott
 * Matt Ridley
 * Darrell Burkey



Report on in-progress items
---------------------------


CMAC-weather-station
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


bixler_workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Jack will talk to Alex in regards to whether it is viable running the workshop.
 * Need to set a solid timetable for it.


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted
 


schools-program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Andrew Moss is looking for a PtGrey camera to borrow.
 * Currently unable to locate the spare camera.


DGPS
^^^^

 * Tridge has made contact with an ANU student doing a project on DGPS. Possible scope for collaboration.


OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * Entries close on July 3 (next week)
 * Currently 67 teams registered. This is a similar number to the 2013 OBC


Other business
--------------


Asset Register
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Matt needs copies of CanberraUAV's financial transactions as a starting point for the asset register.
 * Stephen will trawl through his email archives for any relevant messages

 
Imaging Code
^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Now released as easy-to-use python packages
 * See Tridge's post on DIYDrones (http://www.diydrones.com/profiles/blogs/demonstration-of-canberrauav-image-search-algorithm) for installation and usage details.
 * Already proving to be popular.

 
Possible Testing Ground
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Jack has made contact with a landowner North of Canberra who is potentially interested in letting us fly over his land.
 * We will meet with him on Sunday and take a look at the property.
 * See the private mailing list for full details.
 
 
Quadcopter Workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Will cost around $730 per person (not including MHV membership costs).
 * Will be using the APM 2.6 as the PX4 is currently sold out and the Arducopter code base has only just been released for the PX4.
 * Should be able to announce it within the next couple of days.

