2014 February 10 
===============

present:

 * Grant Morphett
 * Jack Pittar
 * James Patterson
 * Stephen Dade
 * Darrell Burkey
 * Fergus McCracken
 * Jonathan Parrott
 * Paul Warren


Report on in-progress items
---------------------------


OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * D2 is due on the 23rd April.
 * Working backwards from this gives the weekends of the 22/23 and 29/30 March for capturing the footage for the video.
 * Thus we require a working airframe by mid-March.
 * The Bushmaster being developed by Jack and Chris is our primary option for this.
 * The beaver will remain as a test aircraft
 * Grant will look at costing for a Pilatis Porter type aircraft to have as a backup.
 * It should be noted that we have not made a final decision on which airframe to use at this point.


Piksi GPS
^^^^^^^^^

 * Should be arriving in April
 * The Piksi team aim to have APM compatibility out-of-the-box


Arboretum
^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Website
^^^^^^^ 

 * New site is up and running
 * Some minor issues with invalid certificates on the .org.au domain. Will raise with Tridge.


Quadcopter workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Is completed.
 * Some minor issues with forgetting to flash the failsafe firmware.
 * Major issues with radiofrequency interference between the 3DR radios. Will need to have a better way to manage this in future workshops.


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Schools Program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Antenna Tracker
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 

 * no action noted
 

Other business
--------------


