2014 May 26 
===============

Present:

 * Stephen Dade
 * Andrew Tridgell
 * Jono Parrott
 * Matt Ridley
 * Jack Pittar
 * James Pattison
 * Chris Gough
 * Grant Morphett
 * Fergus McCraken
 * Greg Oakes



Report on in-progress items
---------------------------


OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * The Bushmaster was destroyed in a carsh over the weekend.
 * The cuase has been narrowed down to the battery (supplying power to the servos) going flat during flight.
 * This may have been due to a short circuit (ie. malfunctioning servo) or the (NiMH) battery getting old and loosing capacity.
 * The auto-takeoff worked well though. Need to further tune the transition speeds in order to take up less runway.
 * There are a couple of fixes to reduce the risk of this type of crash in the future: Using LiFE batteries, GCS warnings, additional GCS operators, better pre-flight checklists. Any hardware solution runs the risk of additional compexity (and failure points) to the UAV.
 * Equipment needed to buy: Chameleon camera, 5.8 GHz Rocket radio, possibly RFD900's. Various UBECS and power modules too.
 * In the meantime we will use the Porter for some testing, though we will concentrate our efforts on building a new Bushmaster (or two).
 * Weekly meets at Jack's place to build the airframes and associated infrastructure. Free pizza (by CanberraUAV funds) to encourage people to come.



Piksi GPS
^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Schools Program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Antenna Tracker
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 

 * no action noted
 

Other business
--------------

 * Stephen will look into booking accomodation for Kingaroy next week. The dates will be 20-28 September.
 * This will entail having an accurate list of who's coming.
  
  
  

