2014 June 16 
===============

Present:

 * Stephen Dade
 * Jack Pittar
 * James Pattison
 * Matt Ridley
 * Fergus McCraken
 * Grant Morphett




Report on in-progress items
---------------------------


OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * Bushmaster V1.1 (re)build is almost done.
 * Maiden flight will likely be next weekend.
 * In the meantime, the ground station needs to be organised.
 * We will meet at Jack's place on Saturday morning to start planning it. Stephen will check if Chris is able to come too.
 * In addition, Stephen will start fleshing out ground station roles for everyone coming to Kingaroy.
 * OBC insurance should be coming out soon, according to the organisers. This should give us more flexibility with our flying.
 * We need to start doing more bottle drops to properly characterise the ballistic trajectory of the bottle.



Piksi GPS
^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Schools Program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Antenna Tracker
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 

 * no action noted
 

Other business
--------------

 * Stephen is ordering team shirts this weekend. See him to get your order in.
 * Logo sitcker search is ongoing.
  
  
  

