2014 March 03 
===============

present:

 * Jack Pittar
 * James Pattison
 * Stephen Dade
 * Jonathan Parrott
 * Andrew Tridgell


Report on in-progress items
---------------------------


OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * Pilatus Porter maiden flight was generally successful
 * Some work needed on tuning the engine and vibration reduction
 * Significant issues with RF interference from the Porter's ignition system on both the 2.4 and 900 MHz radios. The ignition system will need to be shield in a metal box or similar
 * A bigger fuel tank also needs to be installed for > 15min flights
 * The D2 video will be recorded this Sunday (9th) whilst we still have a working airframe. This video will be intended as a backup in case we crash the Ports and the Bushmaster isn't ready in time.
 * Tridge and Grant will fit the bottle drop mechanism to the Porter this week.
 * Stephen will update the checklists before the weekend.


Piksi GPS
^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Schools Program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Antenna Tracker
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 

 * no action noted
 

Other business
--------------

  * Imaging software documentation - Turned out to be much more complicated than first thought. It will likely be easier for an existing Linux user to write the documentation.
  * Stephen will look at writing up the documentation in April.
  * Agreed for Tridge to buy the following components:
    * 30 dBi parabolic dish (5.8 GHz)
    * Weatherproof cover for the above
    * 2x 5.8GHz Ubiquity Rocket radios
    * 2x Odroid U3 and eMMC cards
  * Australian Government had a roundtable on UAV regulation last week. Transcript is available at  http://parlinfo.aph.gov.au/parlInfo/download/committees/commrep/e08acf66-0f19-4032-9f09-5144c0587807/toc_pdf/Standing%20Committee%20on%20Social%20Policy%20and%20Legal%20Affairs_2014_02_28_2281.pdf;fileType=application%2Fpdf
  
  
  

