2014 January 13 
================

present:

 * Darrell Burkey
 * Grant Morphett
 * Jack Pittar
 * Stephen Dade
 * Matt Ridley
 * Andrew Moss
 * Andrew Tridgell
 * Jonathon Parrott


Report on in-progress items
---------------------------


OBC2014
^^^^^^^

 * Beaver is almost repaired - just needs the doors put back on and some re-covering work. Should be ready for re-maidening the weekend after next.
 
 * Chris has started the vacuum formed wings with a few prototypes. Final set of wings should be ready in three weeks.
 
 * The helibox broke during testing last weekend (structural failure just after release from aircraft). Grant is looking at making a stronger frame for it.


Piksi GPS
^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted

Quadcopter workshop
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Pixhawks have arrived.
 
 * The final session of the workshop have been scheduled for the 22nd Jan. This may need to changed to the 29th, depending on MHV's relocation schedule.


mu-thermal-camera
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Latest update is that the camera's will be available in April.


SAR-scenarios
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Schools Program
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * no action noted


Antenna Tracker
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 

 * no action noted
 
Website
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 

 * Is done. Tridge will transfer to the live server sometime this week.
 
Ground Station Van
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

 * Chris has the batteries and recharging system built into his van.
 
 * Some thought will now have to be given to placement of power outlets inside the van.
 
 * The tracking antenna will need some sort of mounting attachment, bearing in mind the maximum allowable height for the van.
 
 
Other business
--------------

5.8GHz FPV
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 

 * Some discussion in regards to the legalities as using 5.8GHz for analogue FPV from drones.
 
 * According the the ACMA regulations, they are limited to 25mW EIRP. This equates to around 50m range.
 
 * In FPV circles this regulation is commonly ignored.
 
 * It was noted that if the pilot has an amateur radio (advanced) licence, they are able to transmit up to several Watts EIRP.

 * Stephen will look into this in more detail and circulate his findings later in the week.
